chore: split into 3 tables by support level (RHIDP-3440) (#443)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/rhdh-supported-plugins.adoc

|TechDocs  |https://npmjs.com/package/@backstage/plugin-techdocs-backend/v/1.10.5[@backstage/plugin-techdocs-backend] |1.10.5 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-techdocs-backend-dynamic

|Tekton  |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-tekton/v/3.8.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-tekton] |3.8.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-tekton

|Topology  |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-topology/v/1.22.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-topology] |1.22.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-topology

|===
[NOTE]
====
* To configure Keycloak, see xref:rhdh-keycloak_{context}[Installation and configuration of Keycloak].

* To configure Techdocs, see http://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/configuration[reference documentation]. After experimenting with basic setup, use CI/CD to generate docs and an external cloud storage when deploying TechDocs for production use-case.
See also this https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/how-to-guides#how-to-migrate-from-techdocs-basic-to-recommended-deployment-approach[recommended deployment approach].
====

== Technology Preview plugins

=== Red Hat plugins

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Red Hat includes a select number of Technology Preview plugins, available for customers to configure and enable. These %%COUNT_2%% included plugins and are provided with support scoped per Technical Preview terms, might not be functionally complete, and Red Hat does not recommend using them for production. These features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.

Reviewer: @nickboldt Should these _%%COUNT_2%%_ placeholders be populated in Github previews (they're not)...also just wondering if they will render correctly in Pantheon?

Author: nice catch but no, they're only in the template... once I finish wiring up the code

There are 61 plugins available in {product}. See the following table for more information:

> == Red Hat / Partner provided plugins

Reviewer 2: @Gerry-Forde @Preeticp Is this what we're considering for the title?
```suggestion
== {company-name} or partner supported plugins
```

Author: I copied from https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6ctaXcUis4ngcxGYhdPmdY23iQzQgz1v4lObn6WqZc/edit#heading=h.2mhip5hx15qi but you folks know best what copy / title you want.

> Red Hat and its partners provide the following fully supported plugins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{company-name} and its partners support the following plugins:
```

[%header,cols=5*]
|===
|*Name* |*Plugin* |*Version* |*Path and required variables* |*Default* 
|Analytics Provider Segment  - Frontend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment/v/1.5.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment] |1.5.0 

> |./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-analytics-provider-segment`
```

`SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY`

`SEGMENT_TEST_MODE`

|Enabled

|Argo CD  - Frontend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-argocd/v/1.2.3[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-argocd] |1.2.3 

> |./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-argocd

Reviewer 2: All the plugins path should be formatted as code.
```suggestion
|`./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-argocd`
```

Author: ok, I can change this... it wasn't like that in 1.2 

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.2/html-single/configuring_plugins_in_red_hat_developer_hub/index#rhdh-supported-plugins

Do you want the name/URL also formatted as code?

Reviewer: Yes @nickboldt, please change the name/URL to formatted as code.

|./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-techdocs-backend-dynamic

|Enabled

|Tekton  - Frontend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-tekton/v/3.8.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-tekton] |3.8.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-tekton

|Disabled

|Topology  - Frontend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-topology/v/1.22.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-topology] |1.22.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-topology

|Disabled

|===
[NOTE]
====
* To configure Keycloak, see xref:rhdh-keycloak_{context}[Installation and configuration of Keycloak].

* To configure Techdocs, see http://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/configuration[reference documentation]. After experimenting with basic setup, use CI/CD to generate docs and an external cloud storage when deploying TechDocs for production use-case.
See also this https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/how-to-guides#how-to-migrate-from-techdocs-basic-to-recommended-deployment-approach[recommended deployment approach].
====

== Technology Preview plugins

=== Red Hat plugins

> Technology Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs), might not be functionally complete, and Red Hat does not recommend using them for production. These features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.

Reviewer 2: This information must be included as a Note.

Author: It used to be a note, but in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6ctaXcUis4ngcxGYhdPmdY23iQzQgz1v4lObn6WqZc/edit#heading=h.60hf0c6z3pg4 it was moved to a paragraph header by Gerry.

Reviewer: The TP note/admonition preceding the _Red Hat plugins_ and _Community plugins_ headers should be notes - I've updated the Gdoc to reflect this.

|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-nexus-repository-manager

|Disabled

|Scaffolder Relation Processor  - Backend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor/v/1.1.0[@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor] |1.1.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor-dynamic

|Enabled

|ServiceNow  - Backend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-servicenow/v/1.5.0[@janus-idp/backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-servicenow] |1.5.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-servicenow-dynamic

`SERVICENOW_BASE_URL`

`SERVICENOW_USERNAME`

`SERVICENOW_PASSWORD`

|Disabled

|SonarQube  - Backend |https://npmjs.com/package/@janus-idp/backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-sonarqube/v/1.5.0[@janus-idp/backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-sonarqube] |1.5.0 
|./dynamic-plugins/dist/janus-idp-backstage-scaffolder-backend-module-sonarqube-dynamic

|Disabled

|===

=== Community plugins

> Red Hat provides a select number of community-supported plugins, available for customers to configure and enable. These included community plugins are exported by Red Hat as plugins, and are provided with support scoped per Technical Preview terms. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{company-name} provides community-supported plugins for customers to configure and enable. The community plugins are exported by {company-name} as plugins and are provided with support scoped per Technical Preview terms. 
```

> Additional details on how Red Hat provides support for bundled community dynamic plugins are available on the https://access.redhat.com/policy/developerhub-support-policy[Red Hat Developer Support Policy] page.

Reviewer 2: @nickboldt, I think @Gerry-Forde and @Preeticp had a plan to include the support policy with a note.
Gerry, could you please share that note?

Author: do you mean the note in the 1.2 docs? https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.2/html-single/configuring_plugins_in_red_hat_developer_hub/index#rhdh-supported-plugins 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5003b1e1-7ab7-4d96-a869-a9942dd4e7e3)

Reviewer: Please apply the notes as per https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F6ctaXcUis4ngcxGYhdPmdY23iQzQgz1v4lObn6WqZc/edit
